Update durable storage docs (#14720)
apache/druid: docs/multi-stage-query/reference.md

|Parameter          |Default                                 | Description          |
|-------------------|----------------------------------------|----------------------|

> |`druid.msq.intermediate.storage.enable` | true | Required. Whether to enable durable storage for the cluster.|

Reviewer: Under what circumstances would I want to turn this off? (Since it defaults to "true" I'm assuming that "on" is what we recommend.). Either a brief statement here or a link to documentation about how to configure this (which may or may not exist)

> |`druid.msq.intermediate.storage.type` | `s3` if your deep storage is S3 | Required. The type of storage to use. Currently only `s3` is supported.  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`druid.msq.intermediate.storage.type` | `s3` for Amazon S3 storage | Required. The type of storage to use. `s3` is the only supported type.  |
```
avoid forward-looking language. The docs here are for the current version.

|`druid.msq.intermediate.storage.chunkSize` | 100MiB | Optional. Defines the size of each chunk to temporarily store in `druid.msq.intermediate.storage.tempDir`. The chunk size must be between 5 MiB and 5 GiB. A large chunk size reduces the API calls made to the durable storage, however it requires more disk space to store the temporary chunks. Druid uses a default of 100MiB if the value is not provided.|
|`druid.msq.intermediate.storage.maxRetry` | 10 | Optional. Defines the max number times to attempt S3 API calls to avoid failures due to transient errors. |

> |`druid.msq.intermediate.storage.bucket` | n/a | The bucket in S3 where you want to store intermediate files.  |

Reviewer 2: I think we should do it in the order like: type > bucket > prefix > tempDir >  maxRetry > chunkSize.
First three are required. Max retry and chunk size is something that we least expect the users to set, with chunk size being the least of these two. I am of the opinion that we can also undocument it.

> |`druid.msq.intermediate.storage.bucket` | n/a | The bucket in S3 where you want to store intermediate files.  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`druid.msq.intermediate.storage.bucket` | n/a | The S3 bucket to store intermediate files.  |
```

> |`druid.msq.intermediate.storage.prefix` | n/a | S3 prefix to store intermediate stage results. Provide a unique value for the prefix. Don't share the same prefix between clusters. If the location  includes other files or directories, then they will get cleaned up as well.  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`druid.msq.intermediate.storage.prefix` | n/a | S3 prefix to store intermediate stage results. Provide a unique value for the prefix. Don't share the same prefix between clusters. If the location includes other files or directories, then they will get cleaned up as well.  |
```
typo (double space)

> |`druid.msq.intermediate.storage.tempDir`| n/a | Required. Directory path on the local disk to temporarily store intermediate stage results.  |

Reviewer 2: Is this duplicated?

Author: I don't think so
